tab 3


In this video, I'm going to talk about
the best team for each character. Keep
in mind, this is just my opinion, and
you can play anyone you want. First off,
Ahri's team
we have Arri. And the best teammate for
Ari is Ekko with Wexorist. This team
will make you feel like you're playing
Skull Girls with all the two touch
standing resets they do. If you land a
hit with either character, you have
setup to get four-way mix. This on top
of both of them getting good pressure
when using two exorcist on block makes
this the best team for Ari. Some highle
players to watch for this team are Sonic
Fox and True Devil. You can swap Ekko
for Yasuo and use Freestyle for a more
stylish team, but it's also harder to
use optimally. Blitzcrank is a grappler
Blitzcrank's team
that wants to get up close and command
grab you. I with double down let him
have an even bigger payoff every time he
does just that. Since you can combo into
an AOI assist, this lets you reset your
combo into a command grab that activates
a tentacle, giving you a full combo.
If you ever get a hit with Hawi, you get
a super setup that will overwhelm your
opponent with mix.
While this team is not great in neutral,
if you can get a hit on your opponent,
he's not going to have a fun time.
There aren't a lot of players for this
team, but one player you can watch is
Chisy.
If you struggle to win neutral, try Ari
since she has an easier time winning
neutral. And with assist, she can still
get her mix after every hit. Braum
Braum's team
struggles to win neutral given that he's
slow. But with his shield, letting Timu
use assists, he no longer struggles that
much. The opposite is also true. When
Teimmo is zoning and there's a gap,
Braum Assist can help cover that. This
team is perfect for mixing both zoning
and damage with double down.
If your style isn't zoning and you want
a teammate more like Braum, Darius is
perfect for that. He does the same as
Braum, letting you keep the same game
plan for both.
Darius and Vi's team
Both of these characters struggle with
solo pressure, so that's where the other
one comes in and gets some easy setups.
You can do the followup to Darius's hook
at the same time as Vice Sway, giving
her a cross-up and sandwich setup. This
works with either character on point.
When picking a fuse, you can choose
between double down that lets you do
tons of damage or to exorcist that gives
you easier neutral and pressure.
Provide. You can also use warwick on the
place of Darius for more mobility and
setups but less damage. And as Darius,
you can swap Vive for Brahm for more
damage instead of mobility. The best
players for these teams are Skinoff and
SS Jill. Ivoi's best synergy is with
Illaoi's team
Ekko with two X assist. His assist lets
him win neutral for free and then he
tags into Illaoi for his setup super.
With his help, you can also set up your
tentacles both from point or assist.
While they block it, Ekko can start
mixing them. While this team is falling
off meta at the highest level of play,
it's still very good. The best word to
watch is wave. If you don't like Ekko,
Yasu does the same job in this team.
Jins's team
If you like zoning and making your
opponents rage quit, this is the best
team for you. Jinx and team will fit so
well together since both of them help
each other zone. While Jinx sets up a
trap, team already has his setup and
vice versa. And if you use double down,
any hit can lead into a TOD if you have
enough meter. The best way to watch for
this team is Broki. If you don't want
that much zoning, you can play VI
instead, giving you a mix of zoning and
rush down.
Teemo's team
While Teimmo is good with Jinx, his best
team is still with Ari. When on point,
you can never punish Ari since any
mistake is covered by Teimu's darts. And
as an assist, she lets Timu get easy
instant overhead anytime you start a
block strength. I recommend using double
down since you can tag into Ari Mid
Teimo super up with ease.
The best player for this team is Chris
G.
If you want to swap Ari, Yasu will be
the best pick since he's also rushed
down all rounder. But like I said
earlier, you can also choose Jinx for
max zoning potential.
Warwick's team
This team has the same game plan as
Darius Vi. She can't really solo mix. So
Warwick is there to help. And if V is
the assist, any hit you can get with
Warwick can wait into full blood lust
and corner carry.
With two ex assist you can go for two
overhead wo setups or left right setups
but you can also use double down that
has some setups for warrior to get blood
lust for just a lot of damage in
general.
The best player for this team is void.
You can swap vi for echko and it's still
the same game plan.
Yasuo and Ekko's team
This is in my opinion the best and kovst
team in the game. This team has the
easiest sandwich setups into instant
overhead or unreactable left right mix.
If you start with Yasu, you can just do
jump S1 into echo assist to skip
neutral. Even if they block, it's still
your turn. Given that both of these are
Sidekick
top tier and the same archetype, it's
also one of the most popular teams in
the game. Some of the best players in
the world are currently playing this
team. Some examples are Hikari and Wawa.
This was all for normal fuses, but if
you want to play sidekick, wood crank
works as an assist on any team for
helping neutral, offense, and mixups.
Was your team in this video? If not,
what is it? Think I missed something?
Let me know. And go have fun. Point to
XKO.