tab 1


SK sent me a message. She said, "I have
no idea where to find stuff to lab on
Jinx re team other than just trying to
invent myself. It's so hard to find good
guides and tech without digging deep on
Twitter or studying VODs. And I don't
know what's good cuz I'm not good
enough. Jinx, for example, I look up the
guides and the only ones just tell me
what her button do, but there's nothing
really that tells me how to set up
rockets in neutral or what kind of oki
or whatever I want to do. How do I learn
a team? What do you do when you're
trying to find synergy?" I can give you
guys some examples. When I want to learn
a new team, there are things that I have
knowledge of that helps inform the kinds
of things that I want to learn and then
there's things that I just like test as
I go. The way most characters start
combos, this is like just a universal
things. They run up and they do medium
and heavy. And for most of them at max
range of medium and heavy,
their launcher whiffs, so they can't do
down heavy. Cuz if you're closer, you
could do this and do an air combo. And
most characters are like this, right?
Arya's like this too where when she hits
her max range medium heavy she can't
launch her and at this range this
whiffs. If I'm at max range of my medium
heavy and it doesn't work. One thing I
know about Ekko is that I can just use
meter and extend like this. Right? But
let's say I'm learning a new team. One
of the first things I test when I hit
max range medium heavy with echko, how
do I combo with my assist? Sometimes I
don't have meter or I don't want to
spend meter, right? So I I like look
like okay can I like extend with
something like this and like if I do
like you know what kind of combos can I
get off of it and like this kind of
stuff right I would be like okay how do
I combo up my assist is so fast actually
that I have to call it like later than I
would
some of the other assists that I've I've
used to combo with Ekko before. Other
things that I would want to know is if
my opponent's blocking, how do I extend
my block pressure with their assist? So,
this is one of the first things I would
test is like calling assist, going
overhead, and then comboing off of it,
right? What does this team do on block
to like engage with something? Like, how
do I, you know, get pressure off like a
sequence like this, right? I would try
probably both their assists, like see
what this experience is like and then,
you know, I can go overhead off this and
then start to mix them up and stuff. The
other thing that you should know is that
every character in the game will do tag
launcher. And when you do tag launcher,
every character can like do something at
the end of it, no matter how skilled the
combo is. Knowing what I can or can't do
at the end of this is like pretty
important because like, you know, I'm
I'm doing all this and then at the end I
want to tag into Ari.
So knowing what to do at the end so that
I can do something like this and like
cash out all my damage is pretty
important cuz every character is always
going to do tag launcher. And usually
it's a heavy button into a special. So
Yasos, for example, is very simple. You
just do down heavy, boom, boom, boom.
Yeah, you can tag launcher if your
assist on cooldown. That's why tag
launchers are so good because they let
you do a really long combo that's like
super scaled and then tag into the other
character and then spend their meter and
their resources and stuff. Particularly
with double down, I can do this into a
level one super and then tag launcher
and then go into Ari and then spend her
level one and then spend another level
one with Ekko. So I spend three bars of
meter really efficiently there. That's
all stuff that I would look for when I'm
learning a new team. So let's talk about
in particular if I was going to lab this
team, right? So she says she plays
Jinxi. For starters, the thing that I
mentioned before where like at max range
this can whiff. I would look into a
combo off of this,
which uh is pretty important because
using your assists to extend is like a
really common idea off of combos like
this. Uh another thing is you could also
always just do things like this and then
tag into the other character and then
combo off of it like that. That's like
one of the first things that I would l.
And same thing with like if I hit like
running minigun or something with with
Jinx, knowing how to like combo off this
where she like does a starter and then I
can like combo with my other character.
This is pretty important as well because
this is a really common thing you're
going to do if you're playing the
character. You're going to do like a hit
like this and then knowing how to combo
off this is really going to help you.
Other things, let's say I make someone
block in the corner. So I do something
like this, right? just shoot the rocket
and then like go in for offense after
even things like this. Having an idea of
like I want to do this with my main
character and when I do that like I'm
going to call an assist and that assist
is I'm going to go for some kind of
offense with them. Knowing understanding
this idea is pretty important for the
game. The other thing is how your fus is
like is a pretty big deal. So this is
double down. Using double down with this
team would be pretty important as well.
Like knowing like when I hit people with
this team and like I'm doing things like
this which of their supras work together
well. So, can I like shoot the beam? And
then afterwards, does this super work?
Does the other super work? Like trying
that at the end of your combos is like
probably pretty important to try as
well. At the end of a lot of her combos,
Jinx does fireworks. So, like knowing
like can can Ari do anything with the
fireworks here? Like does she does she
get anything off of this? And like now I
know if you're playing two exists as an
example, like what do you gain from
having two exist to this team? Being
able to shoot missiles like uh with Jinx
twice is usually pretty good, you know,
because you could shoot another missile
and then run in and go for pressure
after or something if he's blocking. If
I'm playing Jinx here, you know, I'm
minunning and then afterwards having her
rush in and then I can get more and then
I can go and combo after. Just using
your assist twice and like seeing how
that feels is like a pretty good start
if you have Jinx on point.
Doing this and then having her do it
again and then being able to just and
you just like shoot them to death,
right? any situation where the the
character may struggle to combo by
themselves, like this is all Jinx gets
mid-creen, learning how to do something
like this
is a pretty big deal. So, like testing
things like this
is like, you know, this will help you
extend
and get more damage off basically
everything you do. cuz now you went from
like not being able to do a combo there
to um being able to like extend and like
use supers with both your characters and
get a bunch of other stuff. Okay, we'll
we'll do Braum and one random select.
We'll do Braum and one random select.
We'll do Braum and one random select.
Okay, there you go. What would I play
with this team? I probably play two
exoresis. I've never played this team.
One thing about Braum is that there are
some combos that he struggles to like
pick up from kind of, right? So, if he
gets the sweep, then, you know, he can
do things like this. He he like gets
combos, right? But like, you know,
midcreen, he he kind of struggles to
combo off things like this. So, one
thing I always check with Braum is if
his assist
allows him to combo off this. So, can he
use his assist
to to combo off 6H 6H? It It looks like
Hook will work actually.
Okay, so that that's pretty big. So I
can do 6H 6H. Hook them in. Boom. And
now I have a nice extension and then I
put their asses in the corner and I run
in. Another nice thing to know is like
what happens when someone blocks this,
right? Cuz a really common thing that
Braum has is you block this. So using
this to extend. Oh, that puts them in
the air. Okay, that's really good. He
does this a lot.
So being able to extend off this and
then use double assist to to get stuff
like that is pretty important to know
because the sweep people try to
retreating guard and this punishes
retreating guard. The other nice thing
about Darius hook is it removes their
defensive mechanics, right? So I could
like hook them in like this and then
they can't uh what's it called?
Retreating guard after they block the
hook. So command grab is scarier. So
this is something I would try with this
team as well. That's one of my first
thoughts is like the hook removes
retreating guard. So that would make
that pretty good.
Let's look at this scenario. One thing I
think would be very good with this team
is something like this. Okay. What I
want to know is can I get Braum
unbreakable and then get bleed on them
and then get Braum back in. That was one
of my first thoughts because that way
they're just like stuck in the corner
with uh bleed on them with Braum on top
of them with armor. So that seems very
good.
to level three. That was
okay. If that works, then that means
that I could do a little run up into tag
launcher here.
Okay, so it's possible.
I wasn't supposed to super at the end,
but you get the idea. Take the the limit
strike and now I'm in the corner bleed
on playing Braum with armor. That is
spooky. That's like the win condition of
this team. You just put them in the
corner and if they block, they're taking
chip damage and I have armor and I'm
just on top of them. The thing that I
would test in reverse, one thing that h
happens a lot is if you do this and you
leave a gap, people can parry. My first
thought anytime I play a Darius team is,
can I make this a true block string and
get bleed on them?
like that. Just like thinking about it
like this puts bleed on them and puts
Braum in, right? Or I would do
and then hook them or and then do like
the you you know what I mean? Where you
like get the bleed on, you put the hook
on top of them and then you tag Braum.
So that way like they're they're just
stuck.
Yeah, that that seems good. You just get
the bleed on for free because it's a
hook. you don't have retreating guard
available. So, Braum has command grab
threat there. And if the hook hits them,
like he can do this and then combo off
this
and you get the free corner carry off of
it. I bet you
if he does like the fireball, he could
probably get something off this as well.
Seems like a roof monger team. He plays
Illaoi, right? All I know about him in
this game is that he he plays Illaoi
because when the game came out, he was
like, "Ran, they really shot Illaoi's
some normal." And then I played Illaoi
and I hit that normal and I was like,
"Are you sure?" Her her mediums are
crazy. It's wild to think that these are
the nerfed versions of them.
This is pretty good. 500 damage bleed
point blank in the corner and just hit
him with a ba ba ba,
you know, got to hit him with the ba ba.
Yeah, this just gives you an idea of
like when I play a team or when I when I
do stuff like this, this is what I'm
looking for.