tab 2


One of the best things about 2x KO so
far is that it seems like no matter what
character you want to play, you can
build a pretty strong team around it for
now. We'll see how balancing goes down
the line, but right now it seems like
there's a lot of strong combinations,
which could seem overwhelming, but I
want to make it easy for you, and just
give you an idea of what kind of
character you might want to play, what
kind of teams you might want to make,
and just in general some of the
strengths these characters offer each
other as teammates. Okay, so we're going
General Advice
to start with two copout answers for
building a team. One, play who you love.
Like, I I mean this genuinely. If you
open the screen and you think Ekko is
the coolest character I've ever seen and
uh I watched Arcane, I love Vi. I mean,
they're both from Arcane. Whatever. You
can make this team work. And I'll talk
about like things you're going to look
for later. The second copout answer is
just copy one of the better players,
right? If you open Sonic Fox's stream,
Super Noon, Left, and whatever, you're
going to see that people are using
different teams. I mean, some of them
are kind of similar, and you can just
copy what they do and what makes them
strong. That's a pretty easy way to
learn team games in general. I imagine
the longer this game goes, the more
that'll be the case where people are
just copying other good teams. That
tends to be the case in a lot of team
games. So, you know, you open uh Sonic
Fox stream, they're playing Echo Jinx. I
think it's they're both really cool
characters. It's a really strong team.
You can just copy paste them. But let's
say you want to build your own team
around a character you like, right? So,
Ahri
that's what I did. I like Ari. One, she
she's beautiful. Okay. Okay. we don't
have to beat around the bush. But two,
she's like the kind of um function that
I like in fighting game characters. My
first fighting game like that I took
seriously was Street Fighter 4 where I
played Yan. I play Cammy in Street
Fighter 6. Now I play Millia in Guilty
Gear. I like the characters that move
fast and they can change their
trajectory. I like approaching in the
air, having different options in the
air. Ari is pretty much the only like
airborne character in this game. Eko a
little bit, but not so much. So I picked
Ari. And then from building your team
from there, you have so so many options.
So, like here here's the first thing I
actually want to mention is that don't
Juggernaut and Sidekick Fuses
be afraid if you only like one character
is just to try out juggernaut and
sidekick. These let you focus on one
character. Sidekick lets you experiment
with other assists. That's 100% fine.
You're not like putting yourself at a
disadvantage because these fuses right
now are both like good. They're both
legitimately strong. We'll see how Riot
handles them down the line. But
especially right now, if you just have
one character and you your team around
that, all I care about is playing Ari,
then just choose these two. It's not a
big deal. But let's say I pick Ari and I
Why I chose my team / Blitzcrank and Ahri Utility
want to kind of make sure my second
character buffs her the most, right? So,
I went with Blitzcrank and I'll tell you
why specifically, but I also want to
show you that you can do so many
different things with so many
characters. So, the first thing to think
about about when you're making your team
is that what do you like want your win
condition to be, right? Do you want to
mix people? Do you want to have really
strong neutral? Do you want to really
add damage? Things like that, right? So,
the reason I picked Blitzcrank was very
simple is that he gives Ari a rest,
right? I'm sure you've heard about this
by now, but essentially what it lets Ari
do an entirely full combo. At the end of
it, Blitzcrank will pull them back down.
They stand up in Ari's face and I can go
for a high low. And that I wanted to
build my team around just that one thing
and then I can figure things out from
there. And yeah, with Ari and Blitz off
a 2L, I can do something like this.
[Music]
And I'm just going to save the state
here so we can not have to do that combo
80 times for the video. And right here
already gets this restand where Blitz uh
Blitz pulls Jinx into me. As you can
see, I'm plus 53, which lets me do
whatever I want. So, I'm going to
restore the safe state. We'll do
something like double high off the
restart. We'll do something like a cross
up. We can do something like a cross up
into call blitz into, you know,
whatever. Like this whole situation for
me, I really really liked it. Like I
like it reminds me of playing Millie and
Guilty Gear where like you you get your
one hit and then you're trying to mix
them up to, you know, secure the round
from there. So, I wanted to build my
team around that. So, Blitzcrank
specifically filled that purpose for me.
Vi / Synergy and Strategy with other characters
Now, I picked that team because that's
how I want to play Ari. But let's say
you don't want to play Blitz, right? You
want to play Ari. She's fast, she's hot.
You want to play another character
that's also pretty fast. Okay, you can
play Ekko. I mean, Ekko is an easy
example because that team was used a lot
in old beta. We'll just go with Vi,
right? I'm going to think of something
on the fly. Well, not really on the fly,
but I already kind of know a strength
that this character has. And it's worth
noting, by the way, you should always
assume, think about how different fuses
interact with your characters as well. I
like using double down with Blitz
because I like the HCing into Blitzcrank
because his his super one gives him um
his full steam. So I I play neutral with
Ari. I have Blitzcrank assist behind it.
But if I ever need to do a super into
super, I can bring in Blitzcrank, who
will have full steam, which gives him an
armored command grab. I'll have Ari
assist behind it. And I like that as
like a win condition, so I could play
around that, right? But you don't have
to take double down. So here's an
example. I'm gonna play Ahri, but I
don't like Blitzcrank, so I'm trying new
other characters. So what does Vi do to
help Ari? Well, if you've played any
Ahri, again, maybe you played some
juggernaut or you just tried with other
characters. You might feel like she has
some other weaknesses. Like for example,
her throw doesn't feel great because her
OTG takes way too long. A lot of
characters get a combo here. She doesn't
because this takes six hours. Well, Vi
has a great OTG assist. So, even just
doing this, I now get combos off of my
throw. So, maybe, so maybe you're
messing around with other characters.
You notice some of them have really good
OTG assist. And now you you've built
your AI team differently than mine. I
care a lot about the post hit mixup. You
care a lot about playing strike throw
now, right? Your AR is better on block
because this is a much scarier option as
long as you actually play around it.
Another thing that would make your AI
much better on block. Whereas the thing
with my Blitzcrank strategy is that I
have to get a hit first for it to
matter. Whereas this helps you mix
people up on block because throw is a
better option. Another thing that Ari
does to help people mix up on block very
well, which is why I pick freestyle
assist is she has this move her S2 that
has 1 hour of block stun, right? So if I
pick a character who can cross up even
in a corner, you can get stuff like
this.
And I'm plus 12 here, right? And I did
it very slow. And I I built this
sandwich situation where I'm between two
characters. I have freestyle assist so I
can do some other stuff
and I can switch back and try to go for
high lows, whatever. Like these are
terrible setups, but you get the point.
Like just seeing this in motion. I've
built a team around Ahri specifically
that covers up one of her weaknesses,
which is her lack of throw combos. It
kind of buffs one of her strengths,
which is having a very
high block stun move, which I can now go
for high lows with Vi, right? Vi can do
an instant high here.
something like this. Switch back to Ari,
whatever. Like, I'm sure you can find
cooler stuff. But this is what I mean by
you want to really consider what you
want to build your strategy around, what
weaknesses you want to show up from your
character, what strengths you want to
show up from others. Let's say it's the
opposite. You care more about Vi. Is
Arya a good pick for you? Honestly, I
don't know if if she would be, but one
thing that Vi does really well, she gets
to skip neutral with this lariat, right?
It's very strong. So, you might want to
pick an assist that lets you do this and
actually combo off of it. I think Ari
does, but it's a little difficult to
time like this. That's strong, right?
And and if I make theirs block
everything with that same timing, I can
keep my vibe plus so I can go for more
whatever. Do you know what I mean? So
let in both of these cases, I stuck with
the one character I really want to play
and I got used to what their strengths
and weaknesses are and you can build a
team from there depending on what other
characters do. Now, you're going to have
to learn a bit what other characters do,
which I'm going to talk about in a
second for some of them. Yeah, very,
very easy examples here, right? One of
my strengths skip neutral with this
move, but not very high reward, not plus
on block. Well, now we can be with just
a simple assist like Ari. If you, let's
say, you really want to play a character
Blitzcrank
like Blitzcrank, one thing that you'll
notice with him is that he doesn't
really get a combo off his command grab,
which feels bad. Now, there is a lot of
ways to get a combo off Blitzcrank's
command grab, but you know, I was
watching Broki earlier today and I was
already thinking about making this
video, so this was a great clip. He does
his command grab.
Paul's Jinxen who has a very quick otg
goes back to Blitzcrank full combo and
he gets to keep Blitzcrank in to kind of
continue this stuff right with the full
steam. And that's like if you want if
you want to play Blitz specifically,
this is something you might look for.
What character can I do? What character
can I use that'll allow me to combo my
command grab and keep my pressure going?
Do I need freestyle or not? You might
not need freestyle. you might just do
the VI thing I did earlier with um Ari,
but that's a good example, right? Okay,
Ekko Yasuo Jinx
so I've talked a lot about the kind of
theory behind it, but so let's talk
about what some characters are actually
offering to your team. We've already
talked about Ari a little bit, a little
bit of Vi. The first two, the first
three characters I'm going to group are
Yaso, Ekko, and Jinx. And these are a
little bit of copout answers, but if
you're interested in playing them and
you want them to do something to your
team, just play them. They're all good.
Like they they all do so much. Yaso in
particular just adds a lot of damage and
he has a cross up which lets him
sandwich very well. Right? So let's use
my example of Ahri. I don't know why
this gave I don't know why they gave
this guy a grounded cross up that combos
but you know I think of Chip and Guilty
Gear Strive and like his Alpha Blade is
strong but it's like so bad at comboing
even with meter which makes it feel
balanced to a bit and then this guy just
does this for fun. But anyway, so let's
say I do something like this. I crossed
up. I can go high low. I can go I could
switch back into Yaso. You know what I
mean? This is very simple.
Switch back into Yaso if I had uh
freestyle whatever. Right. So Yaso just
allows you to get very disgusting mixups
because he crosses people up very
easily. He has very high access to good
DHCs because he can do two supers. If
you want to play Yaso in any capacity,
you're not sure if he'll fit your team,
probably pick him as your point
character and your character's assist
will probably do something to help him
out a bit. He's just a really strong
character. I don't think there's much to
really think about here. Also, his
assist crosses up even on block, right?
So, let's say I'm just doing something
like this.
If I took double down, I can do the same
thing where I swap back to Ari now,
right? So, as long as you're doing a
true block string into Yasuo's assist,
you'll always have the damage pressure
for free. On top of that, Yaso is just a
good character in neutral, very high
damage. You can't go wrong adding. Ekko
is also similar in that he has a very
quick assist which will let you I like
to call it rage baiting, but it's not
literally that. But like Super Non does
this a bunch where he'll jump with
Darius and do like the low pull and then
you see Darius do this like super slow
move in the air. You want to go up there
and hit him and then Ekko's assist is so
fast that he just covers it quickly.
All right, so let's say let's say we
were playing neutral and I did this and
you notice this is a habit I have. So
you want to come up here and stop me.
Well, if I just call out Ekko's assist,
he comes out super quick. And then if
you like try to challenge me at the
wrong time, even if I do something like
a troll like this move, which isn't very
strong for some reason. Or let's say I'm
just trying to, you know, doing stuff in
the air, literally trying to rage bait
you into like getting mad that I'm
wasting your time. Well, if I if I
quickly call Ekko, you're going to eat a
whole combo, right? If if you're not
ready to actually go up there and
challenge Ari. So Ekko's very quick
assist just helps him in general like
win your neutral for you by like pretty
much doing anything calling Ekko assist
because it's so quick and then tagging
into him if it hits. Even if they block
it, you can tag into him. So he's just
good at rounding up your neutral as his
assist. But I think what he's better at
is that if he's on point, if your
character has any kind of lock down, you
can get disgusting mixups with them,
right? So even by just doing something
super basic like calling Ari assist, I
can get behind them. A really nice
sandwich pressure where I can go into
Ari for like the high. I can go into
like Ari for the high or I could switch
back to Ekko who has his own like
disgusting mixups with overheads and you
know all of his clone stuff. So Ekko
Ekko is really good at taking advantage
of other high blocks and assists or even
just high blocks attacks from the other
characters. So just like we talked about
with Ari before,
I went behind him on plus 18. If I
freestyle, I can go I can even go back.
Right. So now I'm behind them with the
clone. I can go back to the clone to do
some disgusting high lows, m left,
rights, whatever. So Ekko takes
advantage of other characters super
well. And his very quick assist might
not seem like anything crazy, but it's
very good for quickly tagging your
opponent into converting. So if either
of those things is something that your
other character you want to play can
take advantage of, consider Ekko as your
second character. All right, I'm going
to try to go through the rest pretty
Blitzcrank Again
quick. Blitzcrank we already talked
about. He has a good assist where he
pulls people in which can lead to very
good block strings, very good restands.
Um, if you want to play Blitz yourself,
try to think of characters that might be
able to help him get his command grab
combo. Even the rage baiting thing I was
talking about is not bad because if
Blitzcrank does his little spinny move
in the air, you just call echo assist
for someone who's like waiting for Blitz
Jinx
to come down, you might just tag them.
Jinx, I mentioned earlier, I'm not going
to go too much into her, but she has an
amazing neutral assist. It's just her
her rocket. It'll help you if if you
just need better neutral, you can
already pick her. But she has so so much
tech where she gets the craziest
knockdown oki with her traps. She has
really good DHC's. Um Jinx is like a
technical character, but if if she seems
interesting to you at all, just pick
her. I promise you, your character
Braum
probably does a lot with her. I think
Braum does a lot for a lot of
characters, but one of the easiest ones,
one very easy one is if you have a very
quick assist, like the Echo one we
talked about, you can just pull up Braum
shield, use that assist, and if they
ever like did something wrong into that
shield, you'll very easily just win
neutral for free, swap into your other
character. Another one is that Braum has
one of the better neutral skips in the
game, and you can get very easy combos
off this, similar to what we talked
about with Vi
where you just call your assist behind
it. I think Braum is a character who's
kind of being slept on right now. A lot
of people don't even want to try him.
But he has very easy things to add to
your team if you're not sure what you
want out of a teammate, his back assist
as well just kind of helps you when
neutral for free because they cannot go
through that. Yeah. So, if you need if
you need added neutral, like you're
having trouble dealing with projectiles,
maybe Brahms's assist too might help a
Vi
lot. We talked about Vaia a little bit,
so I don't want to go too much into her,
but I think Vi Vi is more of a character
that you want to build around rather
than adding her to your team. That being
said, you can do both, right? Like I
mentioned with Ari earlier, if I want to
play Ari specifically, I I can think of
what does Ari do to help Vai, which was
Darius
the stuff we showed earlier. I think
both the Darius assists are pretty good.
He has similar to Ekko, but it's a bit
slower. So you you would use it
similarly, but you would just have to
call it a bit earlier where if I'm just
doing something that's annoying, I can
just call my Darius assist and you get a
full combo no matter where it hits. It's
very easy to convert off, which is quite
nice. It also has a lot of block stun
for some reason. So as you can see here,
I'm plus 18. I can just run up and go or
I can just call Darius, switch into him
and then do do some stuff from here.
Right. Darius's other assist kind of
pulls them back a little bit. So maybe
this can help you do some tricky stuff
with Ari. I could do something like this
maybe where it brings them up just a
little bit. So I can cross them up with
a very fast high. It's hard to react to.
But overall, I think Darius, he's just
like a safe character to add to your
team. He himself is very simple with
good buttons, good neutral, very like
long reaching lows, which is very nice
to have because people dash back a lot
and people retreat and guard a lot. It's
very nice to have this move and and his
sweep, which you can gatling into to
catch people doing um retreating guards
or back dashes. He's just a nice
character to add to your team in
general. Maybe your character helps him
a lot. So, like I was talking about with
the super noon example where he jumps
and does this a lot and when people see
this, they think they have to go up
there and punish it. You call a very
quick assist. You kind, you know, rage
baited them to I don't know. I don't
know why I love using that word in this
regard of like baiting people to do
something just so your assist clips
them. He's very good at that. Same with
his jump in like this. And yeah, so if
you're considering using Darius, just
there's not that much you I don't think
there's that much specifically he's
going to like super patch up for your
team, but he's just a solid option,
right? His assists are good. Not the
best, but they're both good. His neutral
is good. His damage is good. His DHC is
good. He can sides swap for you if
you're picking um double down assist and
you have like an awkward combo where you
sides swap by accident, you want to
switch back, he can do that for you cuz
one of his supers does that. Overall,
Illaoi
very good.
Okay, so Illaoi is a character I think
is being slept on quite a bit. To me,
she might end up being one of the better
characters in the game. For one, she has
a massive assist, which is this. I can
back dash full screen, do this, and it
just covers up so much space. So, like
it's a very good neutral winning assist.
You can call it early cover your jump if
you don't want to get too H. Like it
it's just a very very strong assist.
Super super long range. You can't go
wrong with it. It's like I think this
and Jinx Rocket are like the I want to
back dash and win neutral for free
because they just cover your entry if
you use them.
They're very good. They cover your jumps
if people are sitting there trying to 28
you while you do this because now they
can't 28 you because they're going to
either block or get hit, right? Um so
this is just very good. The other thing
about her assist her assist um one is
that she spawns the tentacle for you
which can actually like shure up a lot
of characters weaknesses, right? So
earlier I talked about how Ari's throws
might feel bad. Well, if I just like
let's say I did a block string where I
called Illaoi. Now this tentacle stays
here and my my throw will combo. Even
though Illaoi is gone, the tentacle
stays out there. I can do a very simple
sequence where I'm super super plus
here, right? Right. I'm plus 20. Ari is
a fast character. I can run up throw
and you get a full combo off it, right?
Whatever your combo is. Because even
though I gone, that tentacle stays,
which is pretty sick. It's also worth
noting that Illaoi can do this while
she's on point. So, you're probably
going to get some crazy mixups down the
line where you get some like high low
here, call out your other character,
handshake tag to them for some like cool
cool mixup, and then Illaoi's tentacle
at state even though you swapped that
will give you um some crazy pickups,
right? So, I think I has a high high
potential if you want to lab out how
your character can make use of her
tentacles. Very very strong. And yeah,
Overview / Recap
that's pretty much it. But I want to
make it clear that that's not
everything. Like it's it's very the one
of the like greatest things about team
games is that you really can like make a
personalized team to an extent where me
and you both want to play Ari, but we're
not doing it for the same reason. I want
to play Ari, but I really want to make
sure I'm a point Ari player who has the
greatest neutral ever. So I use Jinx as
my assist because we talked about her
long range rocket and then these
character and then from there you you've
kind of started your strategy and you go
from there. you also find out, oh, they
have amazing synergy with some DHC's or
or Jinx has some crazy strings with long
long block stun where I can call in Arya
and do some high lows, right? But for
me, I picked Blitz because I really like
the restand. I really like the mixups
his pullin gives. So, just pick the
character you want to see the most and
consider the things I showed what other
character kind of enable or get or take
advantage of the most and just choose
any character you think might fit. I
don't think you can go wrong. There's so
much depth to like block strings, assist
calls, handshake tagging. If you're
going to pick freestyle or 2x assist,
consider that as well, right? Maybe
you're not too sure how Jinx fits in
your comp, but you just pick 2x assist
and you realize having two of these
giant um rockets that go full stream
just help you win neutral for free and
then you you labed so much with Ari
herself that that's enough, right? I
hope I kind of helped make some of the
characters more interesting to you. But
I don't think you can go wrong in a lot
of scenarios unless you're picking two
characters who are like kind of not
selfish, but like they're kind of
allrounders who don't take advantage of
the other person. Like I don't know if
Darius and V is a good team, but both
these characters to me seem like they
take more advantage of what another
character can help them do and kind of
uh round out the comp that way. I'm sure
they're still a fine team. stuff you can
consider. But like if you really want to
play VI, maybe you want to consider
which character helps me get my mixups
better, which character gives me more,
which character helps me get behind them
better and for sandwich pressures or
which character helps me combo off my
overhead. I mean, maybe Darius can
anyway, but you get the point. So yeah,
really play around with it. Really think
about what do I want my strategy to be?
What assists can help me do that or what
characters can help me bring in my Ari
to get that going? Things I talked about
earlier like with the Illaoi pickups, I
can now get better throw combos with
Ari, which is something that might be
hard for things like that. Anyway, at
this point, I'm just yapping. I hope you
learned something. For more 2x content,
please let me know below what you'd like
to see. I appreciate like, comment,
subscription, and yeah, let me know if
there's any other 2x stuff you want to
see. I hope you enjoy building a team
because it's actually really fun. And
yeah, as I mentioned in the beginning,
worst case scenario, just copy what some
of the best players are doing because
that's never a bad thing to do in
fighting games.